You say you want it?
Take it all away
No.
Yes, as for your sister Longjing
knowing the law and breaking the law
Impunity and punishment
You are meaningful
It's all his fault
I am meaningless
No, no.
Brother, I am your only sister
You saved my brother?
Suzaku
Don't forget.
And your good apprentice
master
Eating and drinking below is a crime of slandering the emperor
Expulsion from the Phoenix Hall from today
Master master
Master, I was wrong, master.
I I I
Mom mom mom
Yes, that Longjing is lying to me
But my people, mom, I was wrong
Shi Ranran
You made me understand a truth
White-eyed wolves don't keep mice
Since you are so greedy for power and wealth
Then I will fulfill you
Not a family after all
From Now On
Do it yourself
That being the case
Then you will never find your daughter for the rest of your life.